week2
Formed the group.
Created the accounts of bitbucket and Trello.
Discuss with teammate about the topics and select the topic.
Learn related knowledge on the internet.

Week3
I modified the draft proposal by adding the Team Skill Set part, and discuss about details of user interface with Xinyuan.
Discussed with teammates about epics, mainly wrote and modified the Cloud-based architectures and Mobile Application cross-platform epics.
Discussed and designed the function of each page and other details.
Learn about django and some UI technology.

Week4
Discussed the design of database with group members, helped to design ER graph.
Discussed the basic function of the website and template of our website.
Designed drafts of some basic front end pages like index, search results, and room details.

Week5
Write git ignore file.
Finish search function with date, type, city, price in the back-end.
Finish search result page, with pagination function.
Add fine testing data in database for search, result-presentation and detail function.

Week6
Finish design and coding of template of front-end.
Design and finish nav bar and footer in base template.
Design and finish search bar and presentation part in index page.

Week7
Design and finish search result list page.
Design and finish image presentation, room information presentation part.
Design and finish review presentation, and booking&negotiation entrance part of room-detail page.

Week8
Design and finish show my-trips of users function and front-end page.
Modify trans-and-review module in database and add testing data.
Add change trips-status function in back-end.
Finish my-transaction status changing performance in front-end page.

Week9
Design and finish booking function in the back-end.
Handle booking without login both in front and back end.
Finish booking filter function and add front-end warning when booking is unavailable.

Week10
Design and finish payment function in the back-end.
Finish the booking status changing of my-trips and my-trans function both in front and back end.
Finish the page-jump function when booking and payment are successful.







